Clarify the relationship between --quiet and --log-level (#4850)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/logs.md

```text
dbt --quiet run
...
```

### dbt list logging

In [dbt version 1.5](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.5#behavior-changes), we updated the logging behavior of the [dbt list](/reference/commands/list) command to include `INFO` level logs by default.

You can use either of these parameters to ensure clean output that's compatible with downstream processes, such as piping results to [`jq`](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/), a file, or another process:

- `dbt --log-level warn list` (recommended; equivalent to previous default)
- `dbt --quiet list` (suppresses all logging less than ERROR level, except for "printed" messages and list output)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```text
dbt --quiet run
...
```

### dbt list logging

> In [dbt version 1.5](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.5#behavior-changes), there have been changes to the logging behavior of the [dbt list](/reference/commands/list) command. In version 1.5, the default behavior has been updated, and it now includes `INFO` level logs by default

Reviewer: What do you think about removing some of this repetition and streamlining the text a little?
```suggestion
In [dbt version 1.5](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.5#behavior-changes), we updated the logging behavior of the [dbt list](/reference/commands/list) command to include `INFO` level logs by default.
```

> Previously, the list command (and only the list command) had `WARN`-level stdout logging, to support piping its results to [`jq`](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/), a file, or another process.

Reviewer: Do we need this ☝🏻 paragraph if we move the bits about piping results to the next paragraph?

> Previously, the list command (and only the list command) had `WARN`-level stdout logging, to support piping its results to [`jq`](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/), a file, or another process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To achieve that goal, you can use either of the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use either of these parameters to ensure clean output that's compatible with downstream processes, such as piping results to [`jq`](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/), a file, or another process:
```

- `dbt --log-level warn list` (recommended; equivalent to previous default)
- `dbt --quiet list` (suppresses all logging less than ERROR level, except for "printed" messages and list output)

> By using `--log-level warn list` or `--quiet list`, you ensure that the output is clean and compatible with downstream processes.

Reviewer: I move this up before the commands
```suggestion
```
